Clarify shipping repos cases (#15960)
netdata/netdata: packaging/installer/methods/packages.md

`--native-only` when invoking the script. This will cause it to only attempt to use native packages for the install,
and fail if it cannot do so.

> ### Note
> 

> > Since July 2022, Netdata moved the shipping process of native packages from Package Cloud to it's private hosted 
> > repo. We still maintain the Package Cloud repo though. This is important to understand when you gonna try to manually config 
> > your repo to receive packages. Let's assume that you want to install repoconfig for your Fedora 3X distro. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In July 2022, we switched hosting of our native packages from Package Cloud to self-hosted repositories.
> We still maintain the Package cloud repositories, but they are not guaranteed to work and may be removed 
> without prior warning. 
```

> > You find the following `repoconfigs`:
> >
> > - `netdata-repo-1-2.noarch.rpm` : You will receive packages for the `stable` channel of the Agent from our Package Cloud 
> > - `netdata-repo-2-1.noarch.rpm` : You will receive packages for the `stable` channel of the Agent from our self-hosted repo (repo.netdata.cloud)
> > - `netdata-repo-edge-1-2.noarch.rpm` : You will receive packages for the `nightly` channel of the Agent from our Package Cloud 
> > - `netdata-repo-edge-2-1.noarch.rpm` : You will receive packages for the `nightly` channel of the Agent from our self-hosted repo (repo.netdata.cloud)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>
> When selecting a repository configuration package, note that the version 2 packages provide configuration for
> our self-hosted repositories, and then version 1 packages provide configuration for Package Cloud.
```
